[blog] Add /march-2019-update (#15207)
mui-org/material-ui: pages/blog/march-2019-update.md

---
description: Here are the most significant changes in March.
---

# March 2019 Update

**Olivier Tassinari**

*April 5, 2019*

Here are the most significant changes in March:

- We have removed the old styles modules 💅.
Be aware [of the difference](https://next.material-ui.com/customization/default-theme/#material-ui-core-styles-vs-material-ui-styles) between `@material-ui/core/styles` and `@material-ui/styles`.

> - The community has helped us to add many TypeScript demo variants. In order to minimize the overhead of handling two variants per demo (JavaScript & TypeScript). We are generating the JavaScript variant using the TypeScript variant. If you are using TypeScript, you can ignore the `.propTypes =` assignations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The community has helped us to add many TypeScript demo variants. In order to minimize the overhead of handling two variants per demo (JavaScript & TypeScript), the JavaScript variant is generated from the TypeScript variant. If you are using TypeScript, you can ignore the `.propTypes =` assignations.
```
"assignations" ?

- We have migrated a few demos from the `withStyles()` API to the `makeStyles()` API.

> People are wondering what they should use. We are encouraging the usage of `makeStyles()` where possible. `withStyles()` is interesting for overriding our components or for handling legacy class logics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are wondering which you should use, we would encourage the use of `makeStyles()` where possible. `withStyles()` is interesting for overriding component styles or for handling legacy class logics.
```

- We have made the [Box API](https://next.material-ui.com/system/basics/) stable 🥳.
  ```diff
  -import { unstable_Box as Box } from '@material-ui/core/Box';
  +import Box from '@material-ui/core/Box';
  ```

> - We have commited to [a new Roadmap](https://next.material-ui.com/discover-more/roadmap/)  (prioritized) for the next 6 months.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We have commited to [a new Roadmap](https://next.material-ui.com/discover-more/roadmap/) (prioritized) for the next 6 months.
```

> - We have migrated 50% of the codebase from the Classes API to the Hooks API. Once we are done with this task, we can remove the internal usage of higher-order components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We have migrated 50% of the codebase from the Classes API to the Hooks API. Once we are done with this task we can remove the internal usage of higher-order components.
```

- We have introduced [a simplified server-side rendering API](https://next.material-ui.com/css-in-js/advanced/#server-side-rendering), inspired by styled-components.

## Our roadmap intent for April

> *we will do our best, no guarantee*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*(We'll do our best, no guarantee!)*
```

> - We are almost done with [the v4.0.0-alpha breaking changes](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/13663). You can already find [the upgrade path](https://next.material-ui.com/guides/migration-v3/) from v3 to v4 in the documentation. We will release or first beta version (no more breaking changes in beta).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We are almost done with [the v4.0.0-alpha breaking changes](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/13663). You can already find [the upgrade path](https://next.material-ui.com/guides/migration-v3/) from v3 to v4 in the documentation. Next, we will release the first beta version (no more breaking changes).
```

> We have heard your feedback. You find that we introduce too many breaking changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results of the Material-UI developer survey suggested that there are too many breaking changes.
```

(Linked to the survey, or the relevant section?)

> Don't worry. It's almost over! We can focus on providing more components once we have released v4 stable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't worry, it's almost over! We will focus on providing more components once we have released v4 stable.
```

> - We will continue and hopefully complete the tasks we undertook:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We will continue, and hopefully complete, the tasks we undertook:
```
